Document commit timeout and shutdown (#5418)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/distributed-tracing/otel-service.md

## Known limitations

There are a few limitations on the current distributed tracing setup in Quickwit 0.9:

> - The OTLP gRPC service does not provide High-Availability and High-Durability. This will be fixed in 0.10.

Reviewer: Ingest v2 is HA.

## Known limitations

> There are a few limitations on the current distributed tracing setup in Quickwit 0.7:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few limitations on the current distributed tracing setup in Quickwit 0.9:
```

> - The OTLP gRPC service does not provide High-Availability and High-Durability. This will be fixed in 0.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The OTLP gRPC service does not provide high durability. This will be fixed in 0.10.
```
